# Manual = käyttöohje
## User interaction
To install, follow the instructions in the README.md. After launching, there is no users yet in the database, so you need to click on `Register` and choose username and password. There is no restrictions on the username and password apart from that the username cannot already be taken. After registration, the user is presented with `Assessment` view, which makes it possible to put in information about your home on the basis of which the energy consumption and pollution can be calculated. In the form, `age` of the house means year of construction, e.g. 1991. After clicking on `Update` the user is taken to `House` view with a centered picture of a house and information on energy consumption and pollution. The values aren't accurate yet and don't take full advantage of the energy model. However, once they do, the energy and pollution wil be expressed in reasonable values (e.g. KW and kg). It's always possible to change the information about the house by clicking on "Create/update assessment" and putting in different values. The app rememberes users who put in information about their homes, so that after filling out the assessment and logging in again, the user is presented with the `House` view again. <br>

## Admin interaction
The admin interaction is a bit different. The goal is initially have an admin who can create other admins with their usernames and passwords. The first admin is by default one with username "m" and password "m". So to try the functionality of admin put "m" as username and as password and click "Login as administrator". You'll get `Administration` view, which currently allows you to put e.g. new named types of heating and how much pollution and electricity they produce relative to the existing methods. You can also update the pollution and electricity that depends on house age using a similar form.
